# Figures

Figures included in the book are organized first by figure type, then by chapter.  The types are:

* [line_drawings](./line_drawings) which have been manually drawn using [EazyDraw for Mac](http://eazydraw.com) and exported as EPS files.
* [code](./code) which have been generated by Python code.  There is one Python script per figure that generates a PDF file for one or more subfigures.
* [3d](./3d) these are 3D figures in gltf format that can be displayed in 3D using an appropriate visualizer.  The Python script to generate them is included, and it uses PyVista rather than Matplotlib.
* [pointclouds](./pointclouds) are (colored) pointclouds in PCD or PLY format that can be displayed in 3D using an appropriate visualizer. The Python script to generate them is included, and they are generated by the [Machine Vision Toolbox for Python](https://github.com/petercorke/machinevision-toolbox-python) using Open3D.

# 3D figures

In addition to the Matplotlib generated figures, there are a number of "3D"
figures.  Matplotlib is still not very good at 3D plots so alternate tools such
as PyVista or Open3D have been used instead.

- 3D points clouds from chapter 14, and the code to create them, can be found in
  the [pointclouds](./pointclouds) folder.
- 3D figures from chapters 2-3, 7-9, and the code to create them, can be found
  in the [3dfigures](./3d) folder.
  
# Not included

Images that have been licenced from third parties, these have an image credit in the book, are not included this repo.